from XML Query Use Cases.

Source: http://www.w3.org/TR/xquery-use-cases/#rdb


Q1 - List the item number and description of all bicycles that
     currently have an auction in progress, ordered by item number.
Q2 - For all bicycles, list the item number, description,
     and highest bid (if any), ordered by item number.
Q3 - Find cases where a user with a rating worse
     (alphabetically, greater) than "C" is offering an item
     with a reserve price of more than 1000.
Q4 - List item numbers and descriptions of items that have no bids.
     For bicycle(s) offered by Tom Jones that have received a bid,
     list the item number, description, highest bid, and name
     of the highest bidder, ordered by item number.
Q6 - For each item whose highest bid is more than twice its
     reserve price, list the item number, description,
     reserve price, and highest bid.
Q7 - Find the highest bid ever made for a bicycle or tricycle.
Q8 - How many items were actioned (auction ended) in March 1999?
Q9 - List the number of items auctioned each month in 1999 for
     which data is available, ordered by month.
Q10 - For each item that has received a bid, list the item
      number, the highest bid, and the name of the highest
      bidder, ordered by item number.
Q11 - List the item number and description of the item(s)
      that received the highest bid ever recorded, and the
      amount of that bid.
Q12 - List the item number and description of the item(s)
      that received the largest number of bids, and the
      number of bids it (or they) received.
Q13 - For each user who has placed a bid, give the userid,
      name, number of bids, and average bid, in order by userid.
Q14 - List item numbers and average bids for items that have
      received three or more bids, in descending order by average bid.
Q15 - List names of users who have placed multiple bids of
      at least $100 each.
Q16 - List all registered users in order by userid; for each user,
      include the userid, name, and an indication of whether the
      user is active (has at least one bid on record) or inactive
      (has no bid on record).
Q17 - List the names of users, if any, who have bid on every item.
Q18 - List all users in alphabetic order by name. For each user,
      include descriptions of all the items (if any) that were
      bid on by that user, in alphabetic order.

Note to Q1: This solution assumes that the current date is 1999-01-31.

Note: many XQuery solutions have start_date/end_date vs. start_day/end_day bug
